Update as-a-standalone-gateway.md (#3880)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway.md

1. x-wso2-basePath
2. x-wso2-production-endpoints

> The `x-wso2-basePath` is used to group the all http resources of the open API under a single context so, it will be exposed as a sub resources of a single API using Choreo Connect. This is how Choreo Connect logically separates one API from the other. The `x-wso2-production-endpoints` refers to the actual backend service implementation of the API. So these two details were mandatory to expose an API using Choreo Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`x-wso2-basePath` is used to group all HTTP resources of the OpenAPI under a single context. Therefore, it will be exposed as a sub resource of a single API using Choreo Connect. This is how Choreo Connect logically separates one API from the other. The `x-wso2-production-endpoints` refers to the actual backend service implementation of the API. Therefore, the latter mentioned details are mandatory to expose an API using Choreo Connect.
```
